An implementation of abstract polytope structure in tropical geometry. It is meant to be used as the general class for analysis of tropical polytopes.

Constructor parameters
: `faces_collection : list`: a list of any type of collections where each subsequent element refers to the former's indices, e.g. `[((0, 0, 0), (0, 1, 0), (0, 0, 1)), ((0, 1), (1, 2), (2, 0)), ((0, 1, 2))]` defines a simple triangle where the first element of the collection is the tuple of points; the second is the tuple refering to these points by their position in the tuple, creating edges; the third creates the face of the triangle by refering to the edges.
: `normalize_points : bool`: in this library all the points in the polytope have to be normalized to include a leading 0 in the first coordinate. For more information on as to why that is refer to [^4], [^5], and [^6]. Defaults to False.

#### AbstractPolytope.vertices

Property which returns the vertices of the polytope. Equivalent to `self.structure[0]`.

#### AbstractPolytope.pseudovertices

Property which returns the pseudovertices generated by the polytope.

#### AbstractPolytope.edges

Property which returns the edges of the polytope as pairs of points (not indices).

#### AbstractPolytope.get_line_segments(edge_index, sort)

Allows to get the points belonging to an edge with the given index.

Parameters
: `edge_index : int`: the index of the edge for which the segments will be calculated.
: `sort : bool`: a flag determining whether or not to order the points as they appear visually. Defaults to True.

Returns
: `result : list`: list of pairs of points building the line segments.

#### AbstractPolytope.get_all_line_segments()

Calculates all line segments building the polytope.

Returns
: `result : list`: list of all line segments of the polytope.

#### AbstractPolytope.get_apices()

Verifies which pseudovertices are facet-defining in the polytope and returns them as the apices of the half-spaces building the polytope.

Returns
: `result : list`: list of apices of facet-defining half-spaces of the polytope.

#### AbstractPolytope.get_hyperplanes()

Returns
: `result : list`: list of facet-defining hyperplanes collected from the apices.
